josé is prepared to kick off the field
just one more face among so many
corinthians high school boys
london
but the hour the judge whistles it
turns the boy into the
middle-of-field guides brand fight over
ball every moment one seems to have ten
years and with her foot shows great
ability and coolness in front of the goal
it is no wonder that the boy was the only
selected in the sieve of the
corinthians
his physical strength is already a bit on the
in front of other students, you can not
realize the size of his structure
physics and the same talent he has will
far sure has future yes
today football loses a lot of strength is
strength and lose size and he already with 11 10
11 years already have this profile and was
observed by scouts inside the park
Sao Jorge
result of the Londoners' partnership
with the São Paulo club still shy in
interview the boy told himself
impressed with the stadium and makes plans
if they let it stay there because it is
tiring neither and come back every week I
I will stay there for being a player
Professional, God willing.
behind this joseph's shyness one
Very sad story to see the youngest son
of a humble family on the outskirts of
london and at 10 years old saw the
father dies of a heart attack
fulminant technicians give all
attention to the kid out of the field
support he needs we will be
willing to help him
but it is from next year will
train two to three times a week
in são paulo corinthians will subsidize the
passages if the family wishes and supports
He can move there.
the boy only invest the official shirt of the
club and hear the main cry of support
from the crowd
go corinthians here then when dino
crazy khan for you corinthians